Wait for my brother-in-law to come
None of you can escape
Is it of course
My brother-in-law is a capable soldier of the president of the Black Tiger Society
When he comes, you'll all have to kneel down and beg him for mercy
Hahahaha
Zhao Kai's brother-in-law
Nicknamed Crossing the River Dragon
He was ruthless.
I have to guard against it, hahaha, cross the river dragon.
What is a dragon crossing the river?
In front of our eldest sister
It's a dragon coiled
It's the tiger that has to lie down for me
Crossing the River Dragon is a bug
You can also answer me now
Wait for my brother-in-law to come
I asked you to kneel down and beg my forgiveness
Why are you not convinced?
I will let this young master train you well later.
Let you become a little sheep
Let me rob you. That would be fun.
Stinky woman, how dare you hit me?
Since you can't speak human language
Then I'll teach you how to talk and call me
How dare you hit me?
When my brother-in-law arrives, none of you will be able to escape
Stop hahahahaha
Do you know that this woman is afraid?
But it's late. My brother-in-law is already on his way.
Wait for him to arrive.
You can't be afraid of anyone
OK
I didn't expect you to be hurt so badly
Still so energetic
How about this?
Let's play a game with this
What are you doing?
No, no.